secrets calm today we are making a vegan
banana cake with lemon cheese icing this
is a traditional tasting banana cake
with a vegan twist complimented by the
lemon cheese icing today we are using
the third of a cup of olive oil 1 cup of
brown sugar 2 eggs worth of egg
substitute 3 bananas which should equate
to about a cup of mashed banana half a
teaspoon of vanilla extract 2 cups of
plain flour 3 teaspoons of baking powder
half a teaspoon of black club soda a
pinch of salt half a teaspoon of
cinnamon and half a cup of soy milk
firstly we will combine the olive oil
and brown sugar
next we will add the well mashed banana
and stick to combine
now we're adding the half a teaspoon of
vanilla let's go half a teaspoon stir
that in to combine in this bowl I have
added the flour egg substitute baking
powder bicarb soda cinnamon and salt and
we're going to save top of it into the
banana mixture looks at half
and now we're going to have about half
the milk and now we're going to stir to
combine now we are going to sift the
remaining dry ingredients
now we are going to add the remaining
milk and mix well making sure all
ingredients are well combined now we are
going to play samiksha into a lightly
greased pan these icing so this we are
going to be using 100 grams of the
invitation cream cheese one and a half
cups of icing mixture two teaspoons of
lemon zest and 2 teaspoons of lemon
juice biz ingredients for the sprint
start off with and then we will move to
the electric beaters
now you see how you're asking a spirit
running here to solve this we are going
to gradually add some icing sugar on the
other hand if your mixture is a bit too
hard then simply add some lemon juice
now we are going to grate some lemon
rind on the cake and voila for this and
many more exciting vegan recipes head to
bacon cooking secrets com